this will be the first time that we have
a planning meeting for ipfs that's
trying to get a majority of the
contributors regardless of inside or
outside of protocol labs all the all the
people who are contributors and very act
and a strong sampling of people who are
very active contributors to ipfs all in
one place to plan work for the upcoming
quarter here and this is also a
precursor to ipfs comp which will happen
in November so we're gonna have the
conference in November here in Lisbon
but as a set up and that conference will
probably be a couple hundred people so
it's gonna be a big event with lots of
people lots of excitement lots of
preparation where all the people who are
currently engaged contributors are
probably going to be giving
presentations or running workshops and
so you're gonna be really busy as a
precursor to that we're having these
meetings in July in Berlin Berlin in
July ninth through 13th which will be
more working meetings for the people who
are already engaged in everyday work one
of the most important things there is
that this will be a time for the working
groups to meet face to face many of them
meeting each other face to face for the
first time and this is happening in a
context where our approach to steering
ipfs as a whole is not about two or
three people or a small group of people
deciding this is what the ipfs world is
going to do and then everyone conforming
with some singular vision of what ipfs
should be and what live peeta peeta be
should be instead it's that teams and
working groups decide based on their
understanding of what their stakeholders
need what their users need they decide
what they need out of the protocol what
they need out of the ecosystem and then
they tell each other and coordinate with
each other to make sure we're building
the right stuff for each other and so
these this meeting will be our first
time doing that face to face in person
ultimately we will continue doing most
of our coordination and planning it'll
all be online and remote and
asynchronous but it is useful to
occasionally be face to face so the
purpose of these meetings is to get face
to face for the first time in a very
focused group and do some
and think about what we're gonna do next
the and also to sort out or clarify what
we want these working groups to be how
we want to use those working groups what
does it mean to be in one of those
working groups all of those things I
people who attend those meetings will
leave with more responsibilities than
they already have or the majority of
those people will some people like the
tech leads will probably get to hand
some things off and so that's that's
really my presentation but then maybe we
can do some Q&A about that and also talk
a little bit about what sessions should
be happening maybe talk about the
working groups I don't know that we need
to didn't dig into that but yeah do
people have questions about what these
what's going on with these meetings and
how they'll be happening is their int
yeah so the main thing is that we will
be posting very soon like in the next
week or two we'll be posting an
invitation for people to propose
sessions we're also going to spend some
time this afternoon working on that like
sort of brainstorming what about what
kinds of sessions people would want to
do this is really up to up to you and
the other people who are in working
groups to decide what are the things you
want to do in these meetings what are
the decision what are the things you
need to sort out together what are the
things you need to discuss what are the
plans you need to set and then also it's
just an opportunity to spend time
together so you don't necessarily need
to prepare for that it's more of an
opportunity to get to know each other
and one of the main things that needs to
happen to prepares people getting a
clearer sense of what are the working
groups or what should be the working
groups so if you're part of a working
group and you feel like you don't fully
understand what is doing or why it's
doing it you should talk about that with
the other people in the group or if you
think there should be a team or a
working group for working on something
you should get that conversation rolling
so that you can contain that group in
the in the meetings in Berlin otherwise
just think about what is it that you
want to discuss and and how do you want
to discuss it is it that you I'm sure
some some discussions are gonna be
diving deep on technical issues other
discussions are gonna be about how
should we be thinking about the users
for web UI or like they're more user
focused other discussions might be about
decision making process I'm not sure
it's it's up to you anything else you
want to one is there anything do you
have any thoughts about that about the
dev meetings we're very excited it will
probably be I'm still guessing it's
gonna be somewhere but we said sixty to
a hundred people I think it's gonna fall
right about sixty to seventy-five people
so it won't be huge it will be a pretty
- there's a big number of people but
there like through this week there have
been 38 people here yeah so so it'll be
roughly twice the amount of people you
saw this week will be there
oh we're splitting Lib p2p is the last
two days so the first three days is ipfs
the final two days is lib p2p we're
treating those as separate events so
some people will only attend the live
p2p some people will only attend the
ipfs if you want to attend both you have
to apply to attend both and it is
application based so you have to apply
to attend because we're letting anyone
we're letting anyone apply to attend but
we are only accepting the people who can
show that they have been actively
engaged in contributing to the evolution
of ipfs and that they're going to be
able to show up and participate in
practical working meetings to move
things forward
yes yes so sorry I didn't read that
email that went today of them creating
that repo so there's gonna be one repo
with a live p2p people proposing live
p2p sessions and then we'll also have a
repo for proposing IP physicians and
that will announce those very very soon
we just got a set up the template for
proposing and get it rolling thank you
[Applause]